
 Web fonts from Adobe Fonts 
 User Guide 
 Cancel 
Q> Web fonts from Adobe Fonts
 Search 
Q> 
 Last updated on 
 Nov 14, 2025 
 | 
 Also applies to Adobe Creative Cloud
 Fonts 
 Browse fonts 
 Adobe Fonts User Guide 
 Introduction
 System and subscription requirements 
 Browser and OS support 
 Add fonts on your computer 
 Add fonts to your website 
 Add fonts on CC Mobile 
 Font licensing
 Fonts added from Adobe Fonts 
 Web fonts from Adobe Fonts 
 Creative Cloud for enterprise customers 
 Removed fonts 
 Why aren't these fonts included in my Creative Cloud subscription? 
 Why am I being asked to purchase a license for fonts in Adobe Fonts? 
 Adobe Fonts not available to Adobe IDs registered in China 
 Getting and using fonts
 Using Adobe Fonts in Creative Cloud apps 
 Manage your fonts 
 Find fonts from images 
 Resolve missing fonts in desktop applications 
 Using fonts in InDesign 
 Fonts and typography 
 Using web fonts in HTML5 Canvas documents 
 Using fonts in InCopy 
 Using web fonts in Muse 
 Packaging font files 
 Troubleshooting guide: Adding fonts 
 Added fonts aren't showing to the font menu 
 "Unable to add one or more fonts" or "A font with the same name is already installed" 
 What happens when a font I'm using is updated by the foundry? 
 Hide fonts in Adobe programs 
 Web design and development
 Add fonts to your website 
 Troubleshooting guide: Adding fonts to a website 
 Troubleshoot font issues 
 Using web fonts in HTML email or newsletters 
 Using web fonts with Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) 
 CSS selectors 
 Customize web font performance with font-display settings 
 Embed codes 
 Dynamic subsetting & web font serving 
 Font events 
 Why are my web fonts from use.typekit.net? 
 Site can't connect to use.typekit.net 
 Using web fonts with CodePen 
 Browser and OS support 
 Domains 
 Using web fonts when developing locally 
 Content security policy 
 Printing web fonts 
 Language support and OpenType features
 Language support and subsetting 
 Using OpenType features 
 Syntax for OpenType features in CSS 
 Font technology
 OpenType-SVG color fonts 
 Ten Mincho: important points on updating from Version 1.000 
 Get answers to frequently asked questions about web fonts from Adobe Fonts
 Adobe Fonts offers thousands of fonts from over 150 type foundries as part of your Creative Cloud subscription.  All fonts are licensed for personal and commercial use. Read about the font licensing  Terms of Use . 
 The licensing information in these FAQs applies to any fonts added to a website using the embed code provided by Adobe Fonts.
Q> Web fonts
 No. Adobe doesn't offer the ability to host fonts locally. Our web font hosting delivers fonts from a globally distributed content delivery network ( CDN ). If local hosting (also known as self-hosting) is needed, you must purchase a license from the foundry or from an authorized reseller . 
 Yes. If your website is viewed in the browser–either on the desktop or on a mobile device - your font use is covered by the web font license.  
 The web font license requires that fonts be added to your website by the embed code provided. Learn how to add fonts to your website . Any other method of displaying the font on your website isn't allowed. 
 No. The Terms of Use don't permit this. Your client's website must load Adobe Fonts through their own Creative Cloud subscription to ensure uninterrupted font licensing or web font hosting.    
 You can:
 Set up the same web project on the new subscription and update the website embed code to use the new web project ID, or  
 Contact Adobe Care to speak with the support team about transferring an existing web project to a client's account. 
 The client needs to set up their Creative Cloud subscription before the web font project can be transferred. 
 Yes, you can use web fonts from Adobe Fonts in HTML emails or newsletters. To do this, you must use the @import CSS embed code . For detailed instructions, refer to the HTML email or newsletters help page. 
 Yes, you can use web fonts from Adobe Fonts in banner advertisements. To do this, you must use the CSS embed code . 
 No. The  Terms of Use  don't permit you to use the fonts in any way where your customers  select and apply fonts to their own text as part of the design. This applies to both digital products, such as e-cards, and physical products, such as T-shirts and coffee cups.   
 Allowing your customers to create their own content requires a custom license, which needs to be purchased directly from the foundry or from an authorized reseller .
 No. The font licensing does not allow you to embed the fonts within mobile or desktop applications. This requires an appropriate license to be purchased directly from  the foundry or from an authorized reseller .
 The web fonts will work from a web view within a mobile or desktop application, though. 
 No, the Adobe Fonts web service requires that web fonts be used through the  embed code  they provide. The Terms of Use don't allow you to self-host the web font files or upload them to a website design platform. 
 No. If you cancel your Creative Cloud subscription, the web fonts will no longer be available to your websites. Any site using the web fonts will display the fallback fonts specified in your font stack or your browser's defaults. 
 No. There is no limitation on the number of monthly pageviews for web fonts displayed on your website using an Adobe Fonts web project. 
 Several foundry partners offer a “bring your own license” option. You can license a web font directly from them and use Adobe Fonts for hosting. This option is available from the following foundries: 
 Frere-Jones Type 
 Process Type Foundry 
 ARS Type 
 Note 
 Only fonts purchased from these Foundry partners can be added to your Adobe Fonts account. Fonts purchased from other foundries or resellers cannot be hosted via Adobe Fonts. 
Q> Get help faster and easier 
 Sign in 
 New user?
 Create an account › 
 Manage account 
 Quick links
 View all your plans 
 Manage your plans 
 View quick links
 Hide quick links
 Legal Notices    |    Online Privacy Policy 
 Explore Adobe Fonts 
Find the perfect typeface for any web or print project.
 Browse fonts 
 Browse fonts 
Q> 
 Share this page
 Copied 
Q> Adobe Fonts
 < Visit Adobe Help Center 
 Learn & Support 
 Get Started 
 User Guide 
Q> Ask the Community 
 Post questions and get answers from experts. 
 Ask now 
Q> Contact Us 
 Expert support for your issues. 
 Start now 
 ^ Back to top 
 Language Navigation
 Language Navigation
 Choose a region
 Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com.
 Americas
 Brasil
 Canada - English
 Canada - Français
 Latinoamérica
 México
 Argentina
 Colombia
 Perú
 Chile
 United States
 Asia Pacific
 Australia
 Hong Kong S.A.R. of China
 India - English
 Indonesia - English
 Malaysia - English
 New Zealand
 Philippines - English
 Vietnam - English
 中国
 中國香港特別行政區
 台灣地區
 日本
 Indonesia
 Malaysia
 Pilipinas
 Việt Nam
 भारत
 한국
 Singapore
 Thailand - English
 ประเทศไทย
 Europe, Middle East and Africa
 Africa - English
 België - Nederlands
 Belgique - Français
 Belgium - English
 Česká republika
 Danmark
 Deutschland
 Eesti
 España
 France
 Greece - English
 Ireland
 Israel - English
 Italia
 Latvija
 Lietuva
 Luxembourg - Deutsch
 Luxembourg - English
 Luxembourg - Français
 Magyarország
 Middle East and North Africa - English
 Nederland
 Norge
 Österreich
 Polska
 Portugal
 România
 Schweiz
 Slovenija
 Slovensko
 Suisse
 Suomi
 Svizzera
 Türkiye
 United Kingdom
 България
 Россия
 Україна
 الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية
 ישראל - עברית
 Sverige
 Saudi Arabia - English
 United Arab Emirates - English
 الإمارات العربية المتحدة
 المملكة العربية السعودية
